docs(l1, l2): fix broken links and reference to files (#3815)
lambdaclass/ethrex: docs/developers/l2/load_tests.md

### Changing block gas limit

> By default the block gas limit is the one Ethereum mainnet uses, i.e. 30 million gas. If you wish to change it, just edit the `gasLimit` field in the genesis file (in the case of `ethrex` it's `fixtures/genesis/l2.json`, in the case of `reth` it's `fixtures/genesis/load-test.json`). Note that the number has to be passed as a hextstring.

Reviewer: Dumb comment but the gas limit is set to `0x8f0d180` which is 150M gas, way far from mainnet haha.
```suggestion
Currently the gas limit is set to 150M gas. If you wish to change the default value edit the `gasLimit` field in the genesis file (in the case of `ethrex` it's `fixtures/genesis/l2.json`, in the case of `reth` it's `fixtures/genesis/load-test.json`). Note that the number has to be passed as a hextstring.
```
